SDKs: add IDs to scripts and styles (#3143)
BuilderIO/builder: .changeset/strong-cycles-flow.md

---
'@builder.io/sdk-react-nextjs': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-qwik': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-react': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-react-native': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-solid': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-svelte': patch
'@builder.io/sdk-vue': patch
---

> Fix: add IDs to inline `script` and `style` tags

Author: ```suggestion
Fix: add `data-id` attributes to all inline `script` and `style` tags
```
